0. file list
    config.q : this is the global config file for the program
    hw2.q : this is the source code
    symbol: this is the input of the generator, it gives the 
            parameter of stocks, their symbol, drift,
            volotility, initial price, trading intensity

1. configuration
    The program can be configured in config.q and symbol.
    config.q : 
            script_path: this is vital for reading from and 
                writing into current dir.
            trading_days: generate how many days data
            bar_interval: time interval for calculating volume
            powerlaw_alpha, powerlaw_beta:
            They control the shape of the powerlaw distribution
            for generating trading size. 
    symbol:
            drift: the average annual return for the stock
            sigma: annually volotility
            intensity: average daily trading times, this controls
                the timestamp step for the generated series.
            start_date: initial datetime for generating
            price: initial price for generating

    Note that, for generating big data, increase the intensity 
    in symbol or increase trading_days in config.q

2. data generating
    The trading data are generated for each stock in the symbol.
    a. Time stamp and price, the time stamp follows a possion 
        process and the price follows a geometric brownian motion
        process, this two series are generated togather.
    b. Volume, it is generated from a powerlaw distribution

3. volume_bar calculating
    As we want to calculate VWAP at diffrent time scale, we have
    to calculate trading volume in different time window. For this 
    goal, my program generate time grid of different scale. Then 
    join the grid with the trading data, and calculate the volume bar

4. VWAP calculating
    There are existing formular for this step. My program calculate
    the ema of price*volume, then the ema of volume, the vwap can be
    calculated by ema(price*volume)./ema(volume)

5. Running
    Make sure the configure in config.q are correct. In terminal:
    q hw2.q
    Then the result are generated in the working dir.
    
6. Result 
    XX.in.csv:  these are the raw trading data generated, XX is the
            symbol for the stock
    XX.out.csv: these are the result of volume bar and VWAP            
